good day it to you russia on with
continuing answers to your questions and
Now the question is how to forget the past
communication how to open the heart the life of one
man why can't you fall in love and
why I stopped causing interest
men's and a multi-level question
let's start with past business connections
that past connections may not be
it is worth forgetting to get out of them
lessons and
take the resource that will be you
help in current relationships if
quite difficult with past connections if you
feel that they give back
technology
transformation of non-resource experience
Transformation ties them to their training
we do even eat for you somewhere in
free access and record one and
sveshnikov where did that technique that is
this is worked out with your
internal state work goes further
how to open the heart and life for the new
human
why can't you fall in love when you have
past relationships take up a lot
places up in the shower when you are tuned in
that you are worried about the fact that it hurts
Of course it will be difficult to open the heart
it's like at the level of such a heart
center will lock and
you need to work it out too
understand why you need this state
why do you want to fall in love what is it to you
will give because the state of love
beautiful on its own but it’s mostly
such a chemical process yes that is it
condition when you are inspired when
you have a lot of energy when you something
I want this state
many women sit down and jump
just back relationship to others and there
then fell in love when
chemical reactions are over
the next stage of the woman begins
ready for that yes she prefers not
continue the relationship break them these
then fall in love again then that is
such jumps
that's important to understand you just want
fall in love for you to have
such a state of drive enthusiasm or
Do you want to
after that , the continuation of the relationship
that's why here why not
manage to fall in love yes why heart
it's closed right now
One of the reasons why you are not
understand what you are rapidly them
one don't know exactly what kind of relationship you are
wait why I stopped calling
interest in men is a continuation of the question
There can be many reasons
most likely one of the main reasons would be
ceased to be a resource woman in
understanding men yes you have ceased to be
such in which a man is interested then
have you not broadcast yourself as a woman
you may have stopped taking in yourself
its feminine and therefore closed until
that is, men just do not read you
how is a woman exactly for a relationship yes
that is, they understand that you are
woman in for some signs but
they don't read your feminine state
so here I would recommend
work the female state and one of
such practices that are very effective
very powerful despite its simplicity it
self awareness i am a woman in every
time that you are doing well
can you walk the dishes
street do you communicate with colleagues on
work
stay in the state I am a woman
feel what it is like you yourself
feel ready you were broadcast
this state is not always a colleague
work not me mistress not me
walking girl there in the park namely I
woman from this state
maximum revealing your female
state of their female broadcast
so stay in this state I
women and see how to change
attitude to you from the men here
This answer to the question I have in Russia
on see you